This is an outline of what I tried to do the break the program or mess with the display.
tl;dr:	- Improper input will cause it to crash. 
		- The only thing that make the program weird is when you reverse the start date with the end date. (for ex 2012/4/20 to 2012/3/14)
		- Running more than 99 day will make the char off aligned after the 99th day. Shouldn't really matter.
		
I'll probably look back at the code some more if I can think of anything else. 
The only thing that should be fixed is that the start date is always before the end date to prevent the 0 days. 
		
Given all directions are followed, the program will functions perfectly fine.

Inputs
	dates(2014/4/20)
		invalid date (eg month > 12)
			crash
		out of order input -
			no days but continues on with the program
	days(mon,tue)
		improper input (no ',', non-word from dict 'mond')
			crash
		not in order (eg fri,mon) -
			works fine
	menu inputs(1,2,3)
		improper input - 
			fine
	attendance input
		part 1 - date#/student#
			out of range int input -
				crash
			nonint input
				handled
		part 2 - absence/tardy
			out of range int input
				crash
			nonint input
				crash
	names via user input or file input
		improper input (no ',') (left an empty line) (just left " , ")
			crash
	file input from saved_attendance_data.txt
		assuming problem with names applys here
			improperly modifying the first line would probably break it
		remove a char for attendance (OOO-- to OO--)
			does not show in print chart
			crash if user tries to edit attendance in the last day
				from this, will assume that adding an extra char will run fine but will display an extra char in the report
				
Format and odd occurrence
Students with long last name affecting table format - 
	handled, limit on char in string
Students with identical names(first and last) - 
	newly added student is placed before the original
	say added another John Smith to the poster
	4. Smith, J. <- clean record and therefore is the new john
	5. Smith, J. <- has a record and therefore is the original John
Students with same last name and same first letter of first name (eg John Smith and Jane Smith) 
	follows abc order of first name
Number of course days exceeding 99 - 
	Off alignment in table but scenario would probably rarely occur
